add ecosystem section (#16)
cosmos/awesome: Contributing.md

# Contributing

> Make a pull request against master. If the Pull request is incomplete, you can still open it, but under using the Draft PR feature of Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a pull request against master. If the pull request is incomplete, you can still open it, but using the Draft PR feature of Github.
```

We encourage everyone building in the ecosystem to make contributions to this repo.

## Articles & Resources

If you are contributing to the Articles or resources section of the `cosmos/awesome` repo then the article or resources must be read by two reviewers who agree that it should be included. The two readers can be from any organization.

## Wallets & Block Explorers

If you would like to be included in the wallet and/or block explorer section then there a few requirements.

- Https - wallet, block explorers
- Publication or have spoken about security audit - wallet
- Twitter or Github to contact the developers - wallet, block explorer

## Ecosystem

> If you would like to be added to the ecosystem section, please find your place in the list, its alphabitized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to be added to the ecosystem section, please find your place in the list alphabetically.
```
